Never, Never go creeks!
This case, like so many others,
highlights two critical mistakes that hikers often make,
especially in mountains like Taiwan's.
First, never underestimate the mountains by relying on your 'good navigation sense'
and neglecting GPS technology.
Always carry one GPS device with offline maps,
and know how to use it.
For advanced hikers, I even suggest carrying two GPS devices—for instance,
a GPS watch that's waterproof and has much longer battery life.
Second, if you're truly unable to find your original trail,
never descend down in unknown terrain.
Your best chance is to stay put, conserve energy,
focus on temperature management overnight,
and wait for organized search and rescue,
especially if you've shared your location and announced you need help.
Your chances dramatically improve.